PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH...
TOURNAMENT VERIFICATION
CARDS, GENTLEMEN.
NO PROBLEM.
I GOT IT RIGHT HERE.
[THINKING] IMPOSSIBLE!
I'M USING HIS CARD!
THE DUEL WILL PROCEED
AS SCHEDULED.
Both: LET'S DUEL!
GO PENDULUM MACHINE!
A MACHINE MONSTER!
SOUL SPEAR, ATTACK!
MY ATTACK'S
NOT WORKING!
THAT'S WHY HE PLAYED
A MACHINE CARD.
THEY CAN
WITHSTAND ATTACKS
FROM ANY CARD
THAT USES MAGIC.
Joey: AXE RAIDER
IN DEFENSE MODE!
METAL ZOA,
ATTACK THE AXE RAIDER!
YOU FELL RIGHT
IN MY TRAP.
YOU SET A TRAP FOR ME?
I THINK JOEY
MIGHT HAVE FINALLY
FOUND THE GLITCH
IN THOSE
MACHINE MONSTERS.
UNH! I'M NOT GONNA LET HIM
MAKE A FOOL OUT OF ME!
WHAT'S WRONG,
MR. CHAMP?
DON'T TELL ME YOU'RE
LOSIN' YOUR COOL
TO AN AMATEUR
LIKE ME.
THE JOKE IS ON YOU,
BLONDIE.
YOU'RE ALREADY COUNTIN'
THE TOURNAMENT'S
PRIZE MONEY,
AND THIS DUEL
AIN'T EVEN CLOSE
TO BEIN' OVER YET.
[ECHOING IN]
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE...
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-D-D-DUEL!
[ECHOING]
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
Tristan: MAN,
THIS HAS GOTTA BE
THE CLOSEST MATCH
I'VE EVER SEEN.
ME, TOO!
WITH JUST 50 LIFE POINTS
SEPARATING THEIR SCORES,
IT'S ANYONE'S GAME.
DON'T LET UP
NOW, JOEY!
IT ALL COMES DOWN
TO THESE NEXT
FEW TURNS.
Tristan: YOUR SISTER'S
COUNTIN' ON YA!
MAKE HER PROUD!
NO PROB.
HEH.
[THINKING] THIS DUEL
HAS TURNED INTO
QUITE THE NAIL-BITER.
JOEY, A VIRTUAL UNKNOWN,
GOING CARD FOR CARD
WITH THE INTERCONTINENTAL
CHAMPION?
I WONDER WHAT IT IS
THAT FUELS THESE
SPLENDID PERFORMANCES.
PERHAPS MY MILLENNIUM EYE
WILL SHOW ME THE ANSWER.
AH, YES, OF COURSE.
KEITH HAS BEEN WADING
IN A POOL OF MISERY
EVER SINCE THAT DEFEAT
I HANDED HIM.
NOW HE'S SEEKING
HIS REVENGE.
AS FOR JOEY...
Téa: THESE MARKINGS
ARE A SYMBOL
OF OUR FRIENDSHIP
AND HOW WE'LL
ALWAYS BE THERE
FOR ONE ANOTHER.
Pegasus: AND A SISTER?
[LAUGHING]
Pegasus: MY, MY.
SO WHILE ONE IS DRIVEN BY
BITTER VENGEANCE,
THE OTHER IS MOTIVATED
BY LOVE AND TRUST.
WHY, IT'S PRACTICALLY
A BATTLE OF GOOD VS. EVIL!
HEH HEH HEH HEH.
HOW AMUSING.
COME ON! LET'S GET ON
WITH THIS MATCH, YA DWEEB!
I GOT PLENTY MORE MACHINE
MONSTERS ALL REVVED UP
AND READY TO TOTALLY
STEAMROLL YOUR LIFE POINTS.
HEH HEH HEH.
YEAH, YOU AIN'T NOTHIN'
BUT A SPEED BUMP
ON MY WAY TO DUEL PEGASUS,
AND THAT GOES DOUBLE
FOR THAT DWEEBY FRIEND
OF YOURS, YUGI.
YEAH, RIGHT, KEITH.
WHAT'D YOU SAY?
I GOT NEWS
FOR YOU, PAL.
EVEN IF YOU BEAT ME,
WHICH YOU WON'T,
YUGI'D CREAM YA,
AND YOU KNOW WHY,
HOTSHOT?
'CAUSE YOU'RE
A SELFISH SLEAZEBALL
WHO'S ONLY
IN THIS TOURNAMENT
FOR YOUR OWN
GREEDY REASONS.
SAY WHAT?! GRR.
PEOPLE LIKE YOU
NEVER WIN.
SURE, YOUR TRICKS
MAY GET YOU
A LITTLE WAYS,
BUT ONLY UNTIL
PEOPLE WITH GOOD
INTENTIONS SHOW UP
LIKE ME
AND LIKE YUGI, TOO.
OH, YEAH? WE'LL
JUST SEE ABOUT THAT.
ONE CARD FACEDOWN,
AND I'LL ATTACK
WITH THIS!
MY BARREL DRAGON
IS GONNA BLAST YOU
AND YOUR GOOD
INTENTIONS TO DUST.
GRR!
SEE, WITH ITS TRIPLE ATTACK
LASER DISCHARGE SYSTEM,
IT HAS THREE ATTACKS,
NOT JUST ONE!
I CAN CLEAR ALL YOUR
MONSTERS FROM THE FIELD
IN JUST ONE TURN.
WHA-- THREE ATTACKS?
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU'RE GOING DOWN.
SO SAY ADIOS
TO YOUR TWO BUDDIES
ON THE FIELD.
HEH HEH HEH HEH!
[LASER WHIRRING]
GO PROTON BLAST!
OH! THAT THING
TOTALED THEM BOTH!
THAT'S WHAT
A 2600-POINT ATTACK
WILL DO FOR YA.
FACE IT. THIS IS THE END
OF THE LINE FOR YOU.
NO MONSTER YOU GOT
IS GONNA BE ABLE
TO WITHSTAND THIS
KIND OF FIREPOWER!
NO WONDER KEITH WAS
ACTING SO CONFIDENTLY.
JUST LOOK
AT THAT THING!
JOEY REALLY
HAS HIS WORK
CUT OUT
FOR HIM NOW.
ARE YA DONE YET, KEITH?
'CAUSE I ALREADY
FIGURED OUT
HOW TO BEAT YOUR
LITTLE TOY BLASTER.
MEET THE MASTER OF
THE PAST AND FUTURE.
[THINKING]
AUGH, THE TIME WIZARD.
ALL RIGHT!
THAT COULD WORK!
YEAH, IF THAT TIME ROULETTE
LANDS RIGHT,
THAT MACHINE MONSTER
WILL AGE AND CORRODE.
AND I'M NOT DONE,
KEITH.
I'M THROWIN'
THIS BABY DOWN, TOO.
BABY DRAGON,
THAT IS!
NOW YOU GOT TWO THINGS
TO WORRY ABOUT, KEITH.
THAT BLASTER
OF YOURS RUSTING UP
AND THIS LITTLE GUY
GROWIN' UP.
LET'S DO IT!
GO TIME ROULETTE!
OF COURSE, IF THAT
TIME ROULETTE LANDS WRONG,
THEN JOEY WILL HAVE
SOMETHING TO WORRY ABOUT.
HIS TIME WIZARD
WILL BE DESTROYED,
AND HE'LL BE AT THE MERCY
OF KEITH'S BLASTER.
IT'S IN FATE'S
HANDS NOW.
COME ON, JOEY!
Tristan:
WE'RE WITH YA, BUD.
[THINKING] COME ON,
TIME WIZARD!
I REALLY NEED YA
TO COME THROUGH
FOR ME HERE.
GRR.
HMM.
Téa: IT'S SLOWING DOWN!
[THINKING] DON'T
LAND ON A SKULL.
GET THERE.
GRR.
HMM.
ALL RIGHT! YEAH!
GO TIME WIZARD!
Time Wizard:
TIME IS MAGIC.
Tristan: CHECK IT OUT!
TIME MAGIC IS CAUSING
KEITH'S DRAGON TO RUST UP.
HE'S LOSING POWER.
Téa: WHILE
JOEY'S DRAGON
IS GAINING POWER
AS IT EVOLVES.
NICE WORK, JOEY!
THE STAGE
IS SET PERFECTLY!
NOW THOUSAND DRAGON,
NOXIOUS NOSTRIL GUST!
HEH HEH! GOT HIM!
THAT HUNK OF STEEL
IS HISTORY.
HEH HEH HEH HEH!
BUT HISTORY REPEATS ITSELF,
ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU'RE
TAKING ON A DECK
THAT'S STACKED WITH ALL KINDS
OF DIFFERENT MACHINE CARDS,
LIKE THIS TRAP,
FOR EXAMPLE!
A TRAP CARD?
SAY HELLO TO MY
TIME TRAVELING
TIME MACHINE.
[GASPS] WHAT'S
IN THAT CHAMBER?
MY TIME MACHINE CAN TRAVEL
BACK IN TIME ONE TURN.
WHA...
THIS CAN'T BE GOOD.
SO I CAN RETRIEVE THE MONSTER
THAT YOU JUST DESTROYED.
OH, IT'S HIS BARREL
DRAGON AGAIN.
IT'S BACK,
AND IT LOOKS
BRAND-SPANKIN'-NEW.
ALL OF ITS
POINT TOTALS
HAVE GONE BACK
TO FULL POWER.
GO PROTON BLAST!
[WHIRRING]
HE'S GONE.
MY DRAGON'S GONE.
AND HE'S GONNA
STAY GONE, TOO.
THAT IS, UNLESS YOU HAVE
A TIME MACHINE TRAP SET UP
TO BRING HIM BACK,
BUT THEN HE'D BE COMING
BACK A BABY DRAGON,
WOULDN'T HE?
Joey: HUH? WHAT ARE YA
TALKING ABOUT?
OH, RIGHT! BECAUSE
THE TIME MACHINE
BRINGS BACK
YOUR MONSTER
THE WAY IT WAS
ONE TURN BEFORE.
AND SINCE
KEITH'S MONSTER
DIDN'T RUST OVER
UNTIL THIS TURN,
IT CAME BACK THE WAY
IT WAS LAST TURN...
UNFAZED BY
JOEY'S TIME WIZARD.
PUNK, I KNEW YOU
WERE GONNA USE
THAT DWEEBY LITTLE
TIME WIZARD
TO TRY AND RUST UP
MY DRAGON.
YOU FORGET! I SAW
EVERY CARD IN YOUR DECK
WHEN YOU DUELED BONZ!
GRR. DUELS ARE MORE
THAN JUST ABOUT
THE CARDS YOU USE.
YEAH, THEY'RE ABOUT
BACKBONE, TOO,
AND JUDGING FROM
THE LOOK ON YOUR FACE
WHEN MY DRAGON CAME BACK
THROUGH TIME,
I'D SAY YOU DON'T
EVEN HAVE ONE!
NOW MAKE YOUR MOVE!
I'LL THROW A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
AND THAT'S IT.
THAT'S IT IS RIGHT
'CAUSE MY MACHINES
ARE GONNA KEEP ON COMIN'!
GO SLOT MACHINE!
ATTACK MODE!
NOW YOUR TURN, DRAGON.
BLAST THAT DEFENSE CARD
TO KINGDOM COME.
PROTON BLAST!
[THINKING]
HMM. I COULD THROW
A MONSTER OUT
AND DESTROY KEITH'S
SLOT MACHINE,
BUT THEN HE'D
JUST TURN AROUND
AND DESTROY
WHATEVER CARD I PLAY
WITH THAT DRAGON.
EVEN MY STRONGEST
CARD OF ALL,
THE RED EYES BLACK
DRAGON WOULDN'T
STAND A CHANCE.
POOR JOEY.
HE'S IN A TOUGH BIND.
JOEY,
BELIEVE IN YOUR CARDS!
YOU NEED TO TRUST THEM
IF YOU'RE GONNA
BEAT THAT THING.
HMM...HMM!
I'M GONNA LAY
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND...
THROW THE RED EYES
BLACK DRAGON
IN ATTACK MODE!
[ROARS]
AND THAT'LL DO IT
FOR ME.
THAT RED EYES DRAGON
MAY BE THE BEST CARD
YOU GOT IN YOUR
ENTIRE DECK, DWEEB,
BUT HE'S STILL NO MATCH
FOR THIS KIND OF
BLASTIN' POWER.
HEH HEH HEH HEH!
[WHIRRING]
SAY BYE-BYE TO YOUR
PRIZED POSSESSION.
PROTON BLAST ATTACK!
NOT SO FAST.
WHAT'S THAT?
IT'S A LITTLE SOMETHING
CALLED COPYCAT.
IT LETS ME COPY ONE CARD
THAT YOU'VE USED,
AND I'M CHOOSIN' TO COPY
MAGIC METAL FORCE.
NOW MY RED EYES
BLACK DRAGON
IS A RED EYES
BLACK METAL DRAGON!
[ROARS]
AND THAT MAKES HIM
STRONG ENOUGH
TO WITHSTAND
YOUR ATTACK!
ARGH!
ALL RIGHT!
NOW KEITH'S DRAGON
IS THE ONE
IN TROUBLE!
Joey: RED EYES,
COUNTER ATTACK!
FLASH, FLARE,
BLAST!
UNGH!
GRR!
HOW DO YA LIKE
THAT, KEITH?
YOUR TRIPLE BLAST
DRAGON MACHINE
HAS BEEN REDUCED
TO A PILE OF SMOKIN'
METAL DEBRIS.
[THINKING]
AND WITH MY SISTER'S
SIGHT ON THE LINE,
I PLAN ON GETTING
EVEN TOUGHER ON YA.
Tristan:
CHECK IT OUT!
SINCE KEITH'S
DRAGON'S GONE,
JOEY'S METAL
RED EYES IS
THE TOUGHEST CARD
ON THE BLOCK.
Yugi: YEAH, BUT DON'T
COUNT KEITH OUT YET.
THERE MUST BE
SOME REASON
HE PLAYED THAT
SLOT MACHINE MONSTER.
I KNEW YOU WERE
AN AMATEUR,
AND NOW I'M GONNA
SHOW YOU HOW COME.
HUH?!
AMATEUR? UM...
DIDN'T I JUST GO
AND BLAST YOUR BEST
MONSTER TO BITS?
THAT'S RIGHT!
KEEP TALKIN', TOUGH GUY!
I'M LAYING THIS CARD
FACEDOWN,
AND I'M SWITCHING
MY SLOT MACHINE MONSTER
TO DEFENSIVE MODE.
Joey, thinking:
BOY, IS KEITH
LOSIN' IT!
THAT SLOT MACHINE
CAN'T TAKE A BLAST
FROM MY RED EYES
NO MATTER
WHAT MODE HE'S IN.
GUESS HE'LL
HAVE TO LEARN
THE HARD WAY.
BAD MOVE, CHIEF.
FIRST, I'LL LAY
THIS FACEDOWN,
AND NOW, MY RED EYES
WILL ATTACK!
FLASH, FLARE, BLAST!
MAN, YOU'RE AS PREDICTABLE
AS YOU ARE BRAINLESS. AAH.
I'M PLAYING THE CARD
I HAD FACEDOWN.
GO SEVEN COMPLETED!
HUH? HOW COME
THAT MIDDLE SLOT
JUST SWITCHED TO A SEVEN?
HE'S STILL THERE?
[CHUCKLES]
THAT'S 'CAUSE
MY SEVEN COMPLETED CARD
RAISES MY SLOT'S
DEFENSIVE POINTS...
TO 3000,
TO BE EXACT,
AND THAT'S
MORE THAN ENOUGH
TO DEFLECT
YOUR RED EYES
BLACK DRAGON'S
STRONGEST ATTACK.
AUGH! AND 'CAUSE
MY ATTACK
IS LOWER THAN
ITS DEFENSE,
I LOSE
LIFE POINTS.
MAN, THIS STINKS!
THAT FLASH, FLARE,
BLAST
IS THE STRONGEST
ATTACK JOEY HAS,
TOO.
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT ELSE I GOT?
TWO MORE SEVEN COMPLETED CARDS
IN MY DECK,
EACH ABLE TO POWER UP
MY SLOT'S DEFENSE OR ATTACK
BY 700 POINTS.
YEAH, WELL, JUST
'CAUSE YOU HAVE 'EM
DOESN'T MEAN YOU'LL
DRAW 'EM, KEITH.
HEH HEH HEH HEH.
[THINKING]
OH, I AIN'T TOO
WORRIED ABOUT THAT.
HMM?
WELL, WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
CHECK OUT WHAT CARD
I JUST DREW.
I THINK I'LL GO AHEAD
AND TAKE IT FOR A SPIN.
THIS TIME,
FOR MY ATTACK POWER.
AW, MAN.
IF I DON'T DO
SOMETHING SOON,
MY LIFE POINTS
ARE GONNA GET
CLEANED OUT.
OH, NO!
ONE MORE OF THOSE
SEVEN COMPLETED CARDS,
AND THAT SLOT WILL HAVE
POWERED UP ENOUGH
TO DESTROY JOEY'S
RED EYES DRAGON.
AND ANY OTHER CARD
HE HAS, TOO.
NEXT, I'M THROWIN'
THIS DOWN.
HEH!
GO BLAST SPHERE
AND ATTACH YOURSELF
TO JOEY'S DRAGON.
[ROARS]
[CLANK]
HUH?
BLAST SPHERE?
THAT'S RIGHT,
AND ONCE I END MY TURN,
IT'LL SELF-DESTRUCT,
GIVING OFF 2900 POINTS
OF DAMAGE TO YOUR DRAGON.
SELF-DESTRUCT?!
[THINKING]
OH, NO!
AND I THOUGHT
I JUST HAD
THAT SLOT MACHINE
TO WORRY ABOUT.
[ROARS]
[TICKING]
OK, DWEEB.
I'M ENDIN' MY TURN NOW.
YOUR TIME'S UP.
[ROARS]
UHH!
BLAMMO! HA!
HEH HEH HEH...
HUH?
BUT THAT DRAGON SHOULD
BE BLOWN TO BITS!
THIS AIN'T RIGHT!
OH, IT'S RIGHT,
THANKS TO MY HANDY
DRAGON NAILS CARD.
IT MADE MY RED EYES
600 ATTACK POINTS
STRONGER.
OF COURSE! THE BLAST
GOT DEFLECTED.
YOU DWEEB! NOW MY
LIFE POINTS GO DOWN.
Joey: AW, YOU'RE
GONNA MAKE ME CRY.
HMPH.
I'LL MAKE YOU CRY,
ALL RIGHT.
JUST YOU WAIT.
HEH HEH HEH HEH.
WELL, LOOKY WHAT
I GOT HERE!
I THINK I'LL POWER UP
MY SLOT'S ATTACK AGAIN!
HEH HEH HEH HEH.
WELL, WOULD YA
LOOK AT THAT!
HEH HEH HEH HEH.
GRR!
BOTH THEIR MONSTERS
HAVE THE SAME
ATTACK POINTS NOW.
AND JOEY AND KEITH HAVE
ALMOST THE EXACT SAME AMOUNT
OF LIFE POINTS REMAINING,
TOO.
HMM, THIS NEXT TURN
COULD DECIDE
THE WHOLE MATCH.
Joey, thinking:
HMM...
THE SHIELD
AND SWORD CARD.
PLAYING THIS WOULD
SWAP ALL MONSTERS'
DEFENSE POINTS
WITH THEIR
ATTACK POINTS,
BUT THAT'D ONLY
HELP KEITH OUT.
[SIGHS]
HUH?
COME ON. NO CARD
YOU PLAY'S GONNA HELP.
JUST END YOUR TURN!
[THINKING]
HMM. THANKS!
NOW I THINK
I'LL GO AHEAD
AND END THIS DUEL.
HUH?
IT'S ALL OVER FOR YA.
THANKS TO THIS...
THE PILLAGER!
Joey: THE WHAT?
THE PILLAGER LETS ME
LOOK AT YOUR DUELING HAND
AND STEAL ONE CARD FROM IT.
SO LAY 'EM DOWN!
[THINKING]
AW, MAN!
HMM.
HEY!
THE SHIELD
AND SWORD CARD.
PERFECT!
I THINK I'LL TAKE
THIS ONE.
GRR!
HEH HEH HEH HEH!
I TOLD YA
YOU WERE THROUGH.
GO SHIELD AND SWORD!
SWAP ATTACK POINTS
WITH DEFENSE POINTS!
UNH.
NOW GO SLOT MACHINE!
PLASMA LASER CANNON!
UNH! ACTIVATE TRAP!
ATTACK!
HEH HEH HEH HEH!
I WIN--
WHAT? NO WAY!
[SNICKERING]
[THINKING] THE DWEEB
HAD A GRAVEROBBER CARD?
AND HE USED IT
TO BRING BACK
MY TIME MACHINE TRAP!
HEH! YOU SHOULD HAVE
PAID MORE ATTENTION
TO MY LAST TURN,
KEITH.
THEN YOU'D HAVE
SEEN THE TRAP
I SET FOR YA.
AND SINCE THE TIME MACHINE
CAN BRING BACK A MONSTER
FROM THE PREVIOUS TURN,
THEN... THAT MEANS...
BINGO!
MY DRAGON'S BACK.
AND NOW HIS ATTACK
IS HIGHER THAN
YOUR DEFENSE.
[ROARS]
RED EYES,
WELCOME BACK!
AND SINCE HE'S BACK
TO HOW HE WAS
ONE TURN AGO,
HIS ATTACK IS HIGHER
THAN YOUR DEFENSE.
SO GOOD LUCK
BLOCKING THIS.
GO FLASH, FLARE,
BLAST!
NO WAY!
HE BEAT ME!
HE ACTUALLY WON!
[THINKING]
REMARKABLE!
KEITH'S RAMPAGE
FOR REVENGE
WAS BROUGHT TO A HALT
BY A NOVICE DUELING
FOR A LOVED ONE.
All: WAY TO GO! YOU DID IT!
JOEY WHEELER,
YOU ARE THE VICTOR!
HEY! ALL RIGHT!
YEAH, YOU LOSE!
AAH!
THANKS, MAI.
I WON'T FORGET
HOW YOU HELPED ME.
THIS DUEL DOESN'T COUNT!
HUH?
DOESN'T COUNT?!
KEITH JUST DOESN'T
KNOW WHEN TO GIVE UP.
THE ENTRY CARD
THAT JOEY SHOWED
TO PLAY IN THIS MATCH
WASN'T EVEN HIS!
THEREFORE, THE DUEL
SHOULDN'T COUNT,
AND HE OUGHT TO BE
DISQUALIFIED RIGHT HERE!
HE'S RIGHT.
MY CARD WAS MISSIN',
SO MAI GAVE ME HERS.
BUT TELL ME, KEITH,
HOW COULD YOU
HAVE KNOWN
THAT THIS
WASN'T MY CARD?
HUH? UH...
I'M ALL EARS.
SO, WHY DON'T YOU
EXPLAIN YOURSELF?
GRR.
Pegasus:
HE DOESN'T NEED TO.
IT'S CLEAR THAT KEITH
STOLE JOEY'S CARD.
THAT'S WHY HE WAS
SO CERTAIN
THAT YOU WOULD
NEVER BE ABLE
TO FIND IT.
Joey: YOU SNAKE!
I KNEW IT!
THAT BIG CHEAT!
THEN KEITH OUGHT TO BE
DISQUALIFIED, NOT JOEY.
Pegasus:
OH, KEITH OUGHT TO BE
DISQUALIFIED ALL RIGHT,
BUT NOT SIMPLY FOR MISDEEDS
OUTSIDE OF THE DUELING RING.
THERE WAS QUITE A BIT
OF IMPROPER CONDUCT
TAKING PLACE
DURING THE MATCH
THAT I OBSERVED, TOO.
GRR!
IS THAT SO, KEITH?
OH, YES.
KEITH KEPT HIS SET
OF SEVEN COMPLETED CARDS
BENEATH HIS WRISTBAND.
THAT WAY, HE COULD
POWER UP HIS SLOT
MACHINE MONSTER
WHENEVER HE CHOSE.
MAN, KEITH!
THAT'S LOW!
TAKE THE SCOUNDREL AWAY.
FAR AWAY.
NO! LET GO!
LET ME GO!
NOBODY MAKES A MONKEY
OUT OF BANDIT KEITH!
NOBODY!
[PEGASUS CLAPPING]
WELL DONE, JOSEPH.
YOU SHOULD BE QUITE PROUD.
YOU DUELED ADMIRABLY.
Keith: HEY!
AAH, KEITH!
[ECHOING]
PEGASUS!
WHOA!
YOU TRULY ARE
A STUBBORN ONE,
AREN'T YOU?
CAN IT! YOU AIN'T TALKIN'
YOUR WAY OUT OF THIS ONE.
NOW HAND OVER
THAT PRIZE MONEY OR ELSE!
OH, CERTAINLY, KEITH!
I'LL DO
WHATEVER YOU SAY.
JUST GIVE MY BODY
A MOMENT TO RECOVER
FROM THE COMPLETE
PARALYSIS
THAT YOUR
TERRIFYING DEMANDS
HAVE SHOCKED ME INTO!
OK, WISE GUY.
I'LL GIVE YOU TILL THREE.
HMM...FINE.
ONE, TWO, THREE.
WHOA! AAAAAH!
OUCH!
NOW, THE FINALISTS
FOR THE NEXT MATCH
WILL RECEIVE
A 10-MINUTE RECESS.
SO REST UP.
OUR HOST WANTS YOU
BOTH IN TOP FORM
FOR YOUR DUEL.
[THINKING]
YUGI...
JOEY...
I GUESS WE CAN'T PUT
THIS OFF ANY LONGER, BUD.
THIS IS IT.
TO SAVE MY GRANDPA,
I MUST DUEL
MY BEST FRIEND.